# CMAKE generated file: DO NOT EDIT!
# Generated by "KDevelop3" Generator, CMake Version 2.4

# Default target executed when no arguments are given to make.
default_target: all

#=============================================================================
# Special targets provided by cmake.

# Disable implicit rules so canoncical targets will work.
.SUFFIXES:

.SUFFIXES: .hpux_make_needs_suffix_list

# Produce verbose output by default.
VERBOSE = 1

# Suppress display of executed commands.
$(VERBOSE).SILENT:

# A target that is always out of date.
cmake_force:

#=============================================================================
# Set environment variables for the build.

# The shell in which to execute make rules.
SHELL = /bin/sh

# The CMake executable.
CMAKE_COMMAND = /usr/bin/cmake

# The command to remove a file.
RM = /usr/bin/cmake -E remove -f

# The program to use to edit the cache.
CMAKE_EDIT_COMMAND = /usr/bin/ccmake

# The top-level source directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR = /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0

# The top-level build directory on which CMake was run.
CMAKE_BINARY_DIR = /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0

# Include the progress variables for this target.
include CMakeFiles/progress.make

#=============================================================================
# Targets provided globally by CMake.

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache:
	@echo "Running CMake cache editor..."
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/src && /usr/bin/ccmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target edit_cache
edit_cache/fast: edit_cache

# Special rule for the target install
install: preinstall
	@echo "Install the project..."
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/src && /usr/bin/cmake -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install
install/fast: preinstall/fast
	@echo "Install the project..."
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/src && /usr/bin/cmake -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install/local
install/local: preinstall
	@echo "Installing only the local directory..."
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/src && /usr/bin/cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_LOCAL_ONLY=1 -P cmake_install.cmake

# Special rule for the target install/local
install/local/fast: install/local

# Special rule for the target list_install_components
list_install_components:
	@echo "Only default component available"

# Special rule for the target list_install_components
list_install_components/fast: list_install_components

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache:
	@echo "Running CMake to regenerate build system..."
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/src && /usr/bin/cmake -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR)

# Special rule for the target rebuild_cache
rebuild_cache/fast: rebuild_cache

# The main all target
all: cmake_check_build_system
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/CMakeFiles $(CMAKE_ALL_PROGRESS)
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/all
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -E cmake_progress_start /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0/CMakeFiles 0

# The main clean target
clean:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/clean

# The main clean target
clean/fast: clean

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall: all
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/preinstall

# Prepare targets for installation.
preinstall/fast:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/preinstall

# clear depends
depend:
	$(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 1

# Convenience name for target.
src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/rule:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f CMakeFiles/Makefile2 src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/rule

# Convenience name for target.
LabPlot: src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/rule

# fast build rule for target.
LabPlot/fast:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build

# target to build an object file
ColumnDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ColumnDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ColumnDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ColumnDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ColumnDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ColumnDialog.s

# target to build an object file
Dialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Dialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
Dialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Dialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
Dialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Dialog.s

# target to build an object file
FileInfoDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FileInfoDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
FileInfoDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FileInfoDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
FileInfoDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FileInfoDialog.s

# target to build an object file
FilterCDF.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterCDF.o

# target to preprocess a source file
FilterCDF.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterCDF.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
FilterCDF.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterCDF.s

# target to build an object file
FilterHDF5.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterHDF5.o

# target to preprocess a source file
FilterHDF5.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterHDF5.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
FilterHDF5.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterHDF5.s

# target to build an object file
FilterNETCDF.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterNETCDF.o

# target to preprocess a source file
FilterNETCDF.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterNETCDF.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
FilterNETCDF.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterNETCDF.s

# target to build an object file
FilterOPJ.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterOPJ.o

# target to preprocess a source file
FilterOPJ.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterOPJ.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
FilterOPJ.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/FilterOPJ.s

# target to build an object file
ImportDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ImportDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ImportDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ImportDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ImportDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ImportDialog.s

# target to build an object file
LabPlot.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/LabPlot.o

# target to preprocess a source file
LabPlot.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/LabPlot.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
LabPlot.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/LabPlot.s

# target to build an object file
LabPlot_automoc.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/LabPlot_automoc.o

# target to preprocess a source file
LabPlot_automoc.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/LabPlot_automoc.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
LabPlot_automoc.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/LabPlot_automoc.s

# target to build an object file
MainWin.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/MainWin.o

# target to preprocess a source file
MainWin.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/MainWin.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
MainWin.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/MainWin.s

# target to build an object file
PlotDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/PlotDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
PlotDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/PlotDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
PlotDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/PlotDialog.s

# target to build an object file
Project.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Project.o

# target to preprocess a source file
Project.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Project.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
Project.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Project.s

# target to build an object file
ProjectDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ProjectDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
ProjectDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ProjectDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
ProjectDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/ProjectDialog.s

# target to build an object file
Spreadsheet.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Spreadsheet.o

# target to preprocess a source file
Spreadsheet.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Spreadsheet.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
Spreadsheet.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Spreadsheet.s

# target to build an object file
TableModel.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/TableModel.o

# target to preprocess a source file
TableModel.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/TableModel.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
TableModel.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/TableModel.s

# target to build an object file
Worksheet.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Worksheet.o

# target to preprocess a source file
Worksheet.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Worksheet.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
Worksheet.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/Worksheet.s

# target to build an object file
WorksheetDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/WorksheetDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
WorksheetDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/WorksheetDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
WorksheetDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/WorksheetDialog.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Axis.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Axis.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Axis.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Axis.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Axis.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Axis.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Label.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Label.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Label.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Label.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Label.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Label.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Legend.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Legend.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Legend.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Legend.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Legend.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Legend.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Point.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Point.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Point.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Point.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Point.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Point.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Point3D.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Point3D.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Point3D.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Point3D.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Point3D.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Point3D.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Range.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Range.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Range.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Range.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Range.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Range.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Set.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Set.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Set.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Set.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Set.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Set.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Style.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Style.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Style.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Style.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Style.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Style.s

# target to build an object file
elements/Symbol.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Symbol.o

# target to preprocess a source file
elements/Symbol.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Symbol.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
elements/Symbol.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/elements/Symbol.s

# target to build an object file
gui/AxesDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/AxesDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/AxesDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/AxesDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/AxesDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/AxesDialog.s

# target to build an object file
gui/AxesWidget.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/AxesWidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/AxesWidget.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/AxesWidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/AxesWidget.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/AxesWidget.s

# target to build an object file
gui/FunctionPlotDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/FunctionPlotDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/FunctionPlotDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/FunctionPlotDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/FunctionPlotDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/FunctionPlotDialog.s

# target to build an object file
gui/FunctionPlotWidget.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/FunctionPlotWidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/FunctionPlotWidget.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/FunctionPlotWidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/FunctionPlotWidget.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/FunctionPlotWidget.s

# target to build an object file
gui/LabelWidget.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LabelWidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/LabelWidget.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LabelWidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/LabelWidget.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LabelWidget.s

# target to build an object file
gui/LegendDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LegendDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/LegendDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LegendDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/LegendDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LegendDialog.s

# target to build an object file
gui/LegendWidget.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LegendWidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/LegendWidget.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LegendWidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/LegendWidget.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/LegendWidget.s

# target to build an object file
gui/PlotStyleWidget.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/PlotStyleWidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/PlotStyleWidget.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/PlotStyleWidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/PlotStyleWidget.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/PlotStyleWidget.s

# target to build an object file
gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.s

# target to build an object file
gui/SettingsDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/SettingsDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/SettingsDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsDialog.s

# target to build an object file
gui/SettingsGeneralPage.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsGeneralPage.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/SettingsGeneralPage.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsGeneralPage.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/SettingsGeneralPage.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsGeneralPage.s

# target to build an object file
gui/SettingsPage.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsPage.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/SettingsPage.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsPage.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/SettingsPage.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsPage.s

# target to build an object file
gui/SettingsPrintingPage.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsPrintingPage.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/SettingsPrintingPage.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsPrintingPage.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/SettingsPrintingPage.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/SettingsPrintingPage.s

# target to build an object file
gui/TitleDialog.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/TitleDialog.o

# target to preprocess a source file
gui/TitleDialog.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/TitleDialog.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
gui/TitleDialog.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/gui/TitleDialog.s

# target to build an object file
parser.tab.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/parser.tab.o

# target to preprocess a source file
parser.tab.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/parser.tab.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
parser.tab.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/parser.tab.s

# target to build an object file
plots/Plot.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot.o

# target to preprocess a source file
plots/Plot.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
plots/Plot.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot.s

# target to build an object file
plots/Plot2D.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot2D.o

# target to preprocess a source file
plots/Plot2D.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot2D.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
plots/Plot2D.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot2D.s

# target to build an object file
plots/Plot2DSimple.o:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot2DSimple.o

# target to preprocess a source file
plots/Plot2DSimple.i:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot2DSimple.i

# target to generate assembly for a file
plots/Plot2DSimple.s:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(MAKE) -f src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/build.make src/CMakeFiles/LabPlot.dir/plots/Plot2DSimple.s

# Help Target
help::
	@echo "The following are some of the valid targets for this Makefile:"
	@echo "... all (the default if no target is provided)"
	@echo "... clean"
	@echo "... depend"
	@echo "... LabPlot"
	@echo "... edit_cache"
	@echo "... install"
	@echo "... install/local"
	@echo "... list_install_components"
	@echo "... rebuild_cache"
	@echo "... ColumnDialog.o"
	@echo "... ColumnDialog.i"
	@echo "... ColumnDialog.s"
	@echo "... Dialog.o"
	@echo "... Dialog.i"
	@echo "... Dialog.s"
	@echo "... FileInfoDialog.o"
	@echo "... FileInfoDialog.i"
	@echo "... FileInfoDialog.s"
	@echo "... FilterCDF.o"
	@echo "... FilterCDF.i"
	@echo "... FilterCDF.s"
	@echo "... FilterHDF5.o"
	@echo "... FilterHDF5.i"
	@echo "... FilterHDF5.s"
	@echo "... FilterNETCDF.o"
	@echo "... FilterNETCDF.i"
	@echo "... FilterNETCDF.s"
	@echo "... FilterOPJ.o"
	@echo "... FilterOPJ.i"
	@echo "... FilterOPJ.s"
	@echo "... ImportDialog.o"
	@echo "... ImportDialog.i"
	@echo "... ImportDialog.s"
	@echo "... LabPlot.o"
	@echo "... LabPlot.i"
	@echo "... LabPlot.s"
	@echo "... LabPlot_automoc.o"
	@echo "... LabPlot_automoc.i"
	@echo "... LabPlot_automoc.s"
	@echo "... MainWin.o"
	@echo "... MainWin.i"
	@echo "... MainWin.s"
	@echo "... PlotDialog.o"
	@echo "... PlotDialog.i"
	@echo "... PlotDialog.s"
	@echo "... Project.o"
	@echo "... Project.i"
	@echo "... Project.s"
	@echo "... ProjectDialog.o"
	@echo "... ProjectDialog.i"
	@echo "... ProjectDialog.s"
	@echo "... Spreadsheet.o"
	@echo "... Spreadsheet.i"
	@echo "... Spreadsheet.s"
	@echo "... TableModel.o"
	@echo "... TableModel.i"
	@echo "... TableModel.s"
	@echo "... Worksheet.o"
	@echo "... Worksheet.i"
	@echo "... Worksheet.s"
	@echo "... WorksheetDialog.o"
	@echo "... WorksheetDialog.i"
	@echo "... WorksheetDialog.s"
	@echo "... elements/Axis.o"
	@echo "... elements/Axis.i"
	@echo "... elements/Axis.s"
	@echo "... elements/Label.o"
	@echo "... elements/Label.i"
	@echo "... elements/Label.s"
	@echo "... elements/Legend.o"
	@echo "... elements/Legend.i"
	@echo "... elements/Legend.s"
	@echo "... elements/Point.o"
	@echo "... elements/Point.i"
	@echo "... elements/Point.s"
	@echo "... elements/Point3D.o"
	@echo "... elements/Point3D.i"
	@echo "... elements/Point3D.s"
	@echo "... elements/Range.o"
	@echo "... elements/Range.i"
	@echo "... elements/Range.s"
	@echo "... elements/Set.o"
	@echo "... elements/Set.i"
	@echo "... elements/Set.s"
	@echo "... elements/Style.o"
	@echo "... elements/Style.i"
	@echo "... elements/Style.s"
	@echo "... elements/Symbol.o"
	@echo "... elements/Symbol.i"
	@echo "... elements/Symbol.s"
	@echo "... gui/AxesDialog.o"
	@echo "... gui/AxesDialog.i"
	@echo "... gui/AxesDialog.s"
	@echo "... gui/AxesWidget.o"
	@echo "... gui/AxesWidget.i"
	@echo "... gui/AxesWidget.s"
	@echo "... gui/FunctionPlotDialog.o"
	@echo "... gui/FunctionPlotDialog.i"
	@echo "... gui/FunctionPlotDialog.s"
	@echo "... gui/FunctionPlotWidget.o"
	@echo "... gui/FunctionPlotWidget.i"
	@echo "... gui/FunctionPlotWidget.s"
	@echo "... gui/LabelWidget.o"
	@echo "... gui/LabelWidget.i"
	@echo "... gui/LabelWidget.s"
	@echo "... gui/LegendDialog.o"
	@echo "... gui/LegendDialog.i"
	@echo "... gui/LegendDialog.s"
	@echo "... gui/LegendWidget.o"
	@echo "... gui/LegendWidget.i"
	@echo "... gui/LegendWidget.s"
	@echo "... gui/PlotStyleWidget.o"
	@echo "... gui/PlotStyleWidget.i"
	@echo "... gui/PlotStyleWidget.s"
	@echo "... gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.o"
	@echo "... gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.i"
	@echo "... gui/PlotSurfaceStyleWidget.s"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsDialog.o"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsDialog.i"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsDialog.s"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsGeneralPage.o"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsGeneralPage.i"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsGeneralPage.s"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsPage.o"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsPage.i"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsPage.s"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsPrintingPage.o"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsPrintingPage.i"
	@echo "... gui/SettingsPrintingPage.s"
	@echo "... gui/TitleDialog.o"
	@echo "... gui/TitleDialog.i"
	@echo "... gui/TitleDialog.s"
	@echo "... parser.tab.o"
	@echo "... parser.tab.i"
	@echo "... parser.tab.s"
	@echo "... plots/Plot.o"
	@echo "... plots/Plot.i"
	@echo "... plots/Plot.s"
	@echo "... plots/Plot2D.o"
	@echo "... plots/Plot2D.i"
	@echo "... plots/Plot2D.s"
	@echo "... plots/Plot2DSimple.o"
	@echo "... plots/Plot2DSimple.i"
	@echo "... plots/Plot2DSimple.s"



#=============================================================================
# Special targets to cleanup operation of make.

# Special rule to run CMake to check the build system integrity.
# No rule that depends on this can have commands that come from listfiles
# because they might be regenerated.
cmake_check_build_system:
	cd /home/alex/Projekte/labplot/2.0 && $(CMAKE_COMMAND) -H$(CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR) -B$(CMAKE_BINARY_DIR) --check-build-system CMakeFiles/Makefile.cmake 0

